---
title: "Biography Löwenzahn"
publishdate: 2023-11-18T13:00:00+02:00
draft: false
thumbnail: "img/Löwenzahn.png"
---

My name is <a class="glossary-link" href={{<ref "glossary/people/löwenzahn">}} >Löwenzahn</a>,

My father was a fisherman who lived in seclusion in a forest with a river running through it. My mother is an orc woman who holds a high position in her tribe. They met after my mother was attacked by a group of humans and fell into the river that ran past my father's hut. He rescued her and, as things sometimes go, I was born. When it came out in my mother's stamen that I was a half-orc, the tribal chiefs insisted that my mother abandon me. She managed to get me to my father, who then took care of me. Unfortunately, he died just a few years later. I actually only have good memories of my father, but he only ever called me by the orcish name my mother gave me... After my father's death, I never lived in the same place in the woods for long, always searching for something I could never pin down myself. I was alone for so long that I almost forgot my name and eventually discarded it. I only learnt the story of my birth because one day I met an orc from my mother's tribe by chance. I had heard stories of huge wild animals in my youth and so I took the name Dandelion, thinking of something big, fierce and commanding respect. As I travelled further and further north-east, I was attacked one night and taken as a slave to a damned <a class="glossary-link" href={{<ref "glossary/things/nztrv">}} >Nztrv</a> mine. Here I met the three figures with whom I escaped and have been travelling ever since. They may be idiots, but I'm getting on better and better with them and I'm excited to see where our journey will take us. In battle, I rely on my skill with the spear, whether thrown or at close range. On the day of our escape from slavery, we were given costumes to entertain the guests at a feast. I was given a frog costume, which I still wear as a reminder of my time in that mine.
